it's dominating news in Israel what
could have been a moment to celebrate
now a national tragedy three men held
captive in Gaza carrying White Flags
walking towards those sent to save them
and then shot
dead when I was informed about the
terrible tragedy it shocked me alone
samama and yotam survived the Inferno
for 70 days they were just a step away
from Freedom they really touched
Redemption and that's when the disaster
happened it broke my heart it broke the
whole nation's
heart for the families of the captives
who gather every day in Tel Aviv this is
their worst nightmare I don't understand
how army with people who came out with a
white flag and shirtless that they're
just being shot two goals of the war as
presented by the government which is to
destroy Hamas and to free the captives
are not going hand in hand years I have
rarely been cast we cannot continue the
fighting and keep the captives
the military has defended the actions of
the soldiers even though the captives
were waving White Flags they've sent new
instructions to units to avoid another
tragedy there has been external pressure
on Israel for weeks to end the war in
Gaza but this will increase the internal
pressure with a lot of the criticism
aimed at Benjamin Netanyahu himself it's
an brand has been devastated by uh what
is seen as a a colossal security
intelligence uh and strategic failure on
October 7th um and so with that brand he
he he cannot hold on to power uh and
passed another election uh he is seeking
a new brand and I think the ticket he's
going to run on is opposition to the
Palestinian Authority returning to Gaza
at the beginning of a cabinet meeting
Benjamin Netanyahu said families of dead
soldiers had sent him letters urging him
to continue the war appointed response
to the growing internal pressure
and a clear indication that's exactly
what he's going to do Alan fiser Al
jazer in occupied East
Jerusalem make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer